encryption-nvflare-2.5 (#49)
RhinoHealth/user-resources: examples/nvflare/encrypted-model-code-and-weights-asymmetrical/README.md

# NVIDIA FLARE Example - Encrypted Model Code and Weights
<br/>

### **Description**

> This example shows how to security train a model using Rhino Health's Federated Computing Platform (FCP), encrypting both the model code and the model weights using a key known only to the person running the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to security train a model using Rhino's Federated Computing Platform (FCP), encrypting both the model code and the model weights using asymmetrical encryption keys known only to the person running the code
```

  - `config_fed_server.json` - The standard NVFlare federated server config, setting the output model parameters file to be stored in `/output/model_parameters.pt`
- `custom` - This is the standard NVFlare directory for custom model code
  - `decrypt_code.py` - A script for decrypting the code using a run time secret provided when triggering model training
  - `pneumonia_trainer.py` - The regular model code, in this case a PyTorch model for detecting pneumonia from CXR data, reading the input data from the `/input` folder in order to work with FCP
  - `pt_constants.py` - The regular constants for PyTorch training
  - `pt_secured_model_persistor.py` - A Persistor that encrypts the model weights before storing them using the `cryptography.fernet` python library
  - `network.py.enc` - An example of an encrypted `network.py` file (replace this with an encrypted file that you have the key for)
- `network.py` - The standard PyTorch network architecture file usually located within the `custom` directory, but included here because in this example it will be encrypted and will not be included in the container image in its raw format

> - `encrypt_code` - Utilities for encrypting code using the `cryptography.fernet` python library

Reviewer: These seems copied from the existing example - could you please update it?

2. Encrypt the model code (in our example `network.py`, but you can also do this for multiple files) using the encryption key: `python ./encrypt_code/encrypt_code.py ./network.py ~/myprecious ./custom/network.py.enc`
3. (Optional) You can now delete the `network.py` file (or move it to a different directory) - it will not be used when building the container image, but if you want to validate this you can delete/move this file
4. Build the container image from the Dockerfile: `../../../rhino-utils/docker-push.sh rhino-gc-workgroup-my-workgroup pneumonia-prediction-secure`
5. Create a Model object in FCP using this container image in the Rhino Health UI or via the SDK
6. Use the following SDK code to execute training.
```python
import json
run_params = ModelTrainInput(
    code_object_uid="", # Change this
    input_dataset_uids=[], # Change this 
    one_fl_client_per_dataset=True,        
    validation_dataset_uids=[], # Change this
    validation_datasets_inference_suffix="", # Change this
    timeout_seconds=300,
    config_fed_server="",
    config_fed_client="",

>     secrets_fed_client=json.dumps({"key":""}), # Add the value from ~/myprecious

Reviewer: Is this still correct?
